Merge in Samarjeet's updated figure and code (#97)
MobleyLab/basic_simulation_training: paper/basic_training.tex

\begin{figure}[h]
\centering
\includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{py_decay_comparison.pdf}
    \caption{Comparison of decay of the original $r^{-1}$ term for Coulomb interactions (blue,*), the resulting direct-space term after Gaussian screening (black,-) and the $r^{-6}$ in van der Waals term (red, -.). 

>     Note: erfc(r)/r has been scaled to show relative decay of each term. }

Author: ```suggestion
    Note: The value on the vertical axis has been scaled to allow easy visualization of the relative decay of each term. }
```
